

                                   APPENDIX 4

                            NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

      THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made this 18th day of
November, 2005, by and between Yale University School of Medicine, a nonprofit,
educational corporation, organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Connecticut, with an office located at Yale University School of Medicine,
having its principal office at 47 College Street, Suite 203, New Haven,
Connecticut (hereinafter, the "Pilot Site") and Advanced BioPhotonics Inc., a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware ,
with its principal office at 125 Wilbur Place, Suite 120, Bohemia, New York
(hereinafter, the "ABP") and the parties hereby agree as follows:

      1. The parties intend to pursue a Pilot Study to test its functionality,
performance and reliability to determine the applicability of this technology to
plastic surgery applications, which will be carried out by Dr. Yuan Liu
utilizing ABP's BioScanIR(R) system consisting of the following elements: (i)
system hardware components: infrared camera, mobile cart, computer workstation,
camera power supply, universal power management unit, temperature controller and
black body; (ii) proprietary DIRI(R) software for control of system components,
data acquisition, data processing, data archiving and reporting; and (iii)
applications software packages (hereinafter, collectively referred to as the
"System") as further defined in the Pilot Site Agreement between the parties
(hereinafter referred to as the "Pilot Study"), and in the course of which the
parties may exchange Proprietary Information, as hereinafter defined. The
parties further desire to protect such Proprietary Information from unauthorized
disclosure and use under the terms and conditions herein.

      2. For purposes of this Agreement, Proprietary Information shall mean,
without limitation, computer programs, code, algorithms, names and expertise of
employees and consultants, formulas, processes, inventions, schematics and other
technical, business, financial, pricing and product development plans, forecasts
and strategies, together with any analysis or tangible embodiments of the
Disclosing Party's Proprietary Information created by the Receiving Party.
Proprietary Information shall be designated as such in writing by the Disclosing
Party by appropriate legend or stamp, or, if first disclosed in a non-written or
other non-tangible form, Proprietary Information shall be identified by the
Disclosing Party at the time of disclosure as being disclosed in confidence and
shall be reduced to tangible form and marked as confidential or proprietary and
such tangible form shall be delivered to the Receiving Party within thirty (30)
days after the date of first disclosure. During the above stated thirty-day
period such Proprietary Information shall be protected in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Proprietary Information shall further include any
information or data that evidence, record, derive from or reveal any Proprietary
Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the components of the System are
hereby deemed to be Proprietary Information and as such are protected in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

                                       28
<PAGE>

      3. The Receiving Party shall preserve Proprietary Information received
from the Disclosing Party in confidence by exercising at least the same degree
of care used to restrict disclosure and use of the Receiving Party's own similar
confidential information, but at least a reasonable degree of care, and shall
refrain from disclosing such Propriety Information to its employees not involved
in the Pilot Study, its consultants, representatives, or agents ( the
"Affiliates") or to any third party without written authorization from the
Disclosing Party. This Agreement shall be construed to bind and impose
obligations upon any other divisions, subsidiaries, business units, and/or
affiliated companies of the Receiving Party that receive access to the
Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall
ensure that all copies of Proprietary Information stored electronically on its
server, tape backup or on the hard drives of computers used by its Affiliates in
connection with the Pilot Study have been permanently deleted and Receiving
Party shall certify such deletion in writing to the Disclosing Party. Receiving
Party will ensure that all of its Affiliates sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement
containing confidentiality restrictions at least as restrictive as those set
forth in this Agreement.

      4. The Receiving Party shall use Proprietary Information received from the
Disclosing Party solely for the purposes set forth in Paragraph 1. Any other use
of the Proprietary Information is explicitly forbidden. This restriction shall
survive termination of this Agreement.

      5. This Agreement shall not restrict disclosure or use of Proprietary
Information that is:

      A.    Now, or hereafter becomes, through no act or failure to act on the
            part of Receiving Party, generally known or available; or

      B.    Known by the Receiving Party at the time of receiving such
            information as evidenced by records of the Receiving Party; or

      C.    Hereafter furnished to the Receiving Party, as a matter of right and
            without restriction on disclosure, by a third party who had not
            received any Proprietary Information from the Disclosing Party or
            the Receiving Party; or

      D.    is approved by the disclosing party for disclosure without
            restriction in a written document which is signed by a duly
            authorized officer of such disclosing party; or

      E.    Independently developed by the Receiving Party by persons who did
            not have access to the Disclosing Party's information and without
            breach of this Agreement.

      6. The Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Party's Proprietary
Information to the extent required to be disclosed pursuant to final court
order; provided, however, that the Receiving Party: (i) immediately notifies the
Disclosing Party upon its receipt of any court order or other document that
requests or demands disclosure of Proprietary Information; and (ii) assert the
privileged and confidential nature of the Proprietary Information against the
third party seeking disclosure; and (iii) cooperate fully with the Disclosing
Party in protecting against any such disclosure and/or obtaining a protective
order narrowing the scope of such disclosure of the Proprietary Information. In
the event that such protection against disclosure is not obtained, the receiving
party will be entitled to disclose the Proprietary Information, but only to the
extent necessary to legally comply with such compelled disclosure and to have
such required disclosure made under a protective secrecy order.

                                       29
<PAGE>

      7. The Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party in writing
immediately upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary
Information, and will reasonably cooperate with the Disclosing Party to regain
possession of the Proprietary Information and prevent its further unauthorized
use.

      8. Proprietary Information shall remain the property of the originating
party. Neither this Agreement nor any exchange of Proprietary Information
hereunder shall be construed as granting any right or license under any
copyright, invention, or patent now or hereafter owned or controlled by either
party. Each party shall use and rely upon Proprietary Information received from
the other at its sole risk and expense.

      9. All notices, instructions, requests, authorizations, consents, demands
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by
facsimile, overnight courier or registered airmail, postage prepaid, addressed
as follows:

      For Pilot Site:

          Yale Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery
          Department of Surgery
          Yale School of Medicine
          333 Cedar Street (BB-330)
          P.O. Box 208041 New Haven, Connecticut 06520-8041

          Attention: Dr. Yuan Liu/Dr. John Persing

          Facsimile: 203-785-5714

      For ABP:

          Advanced BioPhotonics Inc.
          125 Wilbur Place, Suite 120
          Bohemia, New York  11716

          Attention: Kevin Healy, General Counsel

          Facsimile: 631-244-7960

                                       30
<PAGE>

Either party hereto may change its address by a notice given to the other party
hereto in the manner set forth above. Notice given by mail shall be considered
to have been given five (5) days after the mailing thereof, and notices given by
facsimile shall be considered to have been given when received.

      10. This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days
written notice to the other. Unless thus earlier terminated, this Agreement
shall terminate upon completion of the Pilot Study. The confidentiality
obligations under this Agreement will survive termination of this Agreement for
a period of three (3) years.

      11. Upon termination, the Receiving Party shall cease use of the
Disclosing Party's Proprietary Information, and shall destroy all Proprietary
Information, including without limitation, reports, analyses, e-mails or any
other derivative embodiments of the Proprietary Information, , together with all
copies thereof, in its possession or control and furnish the Disclosing Party
with written certification of destruction. Alternatively, at the request of the
Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall return all such Proprietary
Information, including without limitation, reports, analyses, e-mails or any
other derivative embodiments of the Proprietary Information, together with all
copies thereof to the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall ensure that
all copies of Proprietary Information stored electronically on its server, tape
backup or on the hard drives of computers used by Receiving Party's Affiliates
in connection with the Pilot Study have been permanently deleted and Receiving
Party shall certify such deletion in writing to the Disclosing Party.

      12. Each party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by it under or
in connection with this Agreement, provided, however, that the prevailing party
in any litigation commenced to enforce or construe the terms of this Agreement
shall be entitled to collect from the other party the costs of such litigation,
including reasonable attorneys' fees. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed as an obligation by either party to enter a contract, subcontract, or
other business relationship with the other party in connection with the Pilot
Study.

      13. The Receiving Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event
of any breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party, including, without
limitation, the actual or threatened disclosure of the Disclosing Party's
Proprietary Information without the prior express written consent of the
Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party will suffer an irreparable injury, such
that no remedy at law will afford the Disclosing Party with adequate protection
against, or appropriate compensation for, such injury. The Receiving Party
hereby agrees that the Disclosing Party may be entitled to specific performance
of the Receiving Party's obligations under this Agreement, as well as further
relief (injunctive or otherwise) as may be granted by a court of competent
jurisdiction.

      14. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of Connecticut and shall be enforceable in the courts of
that state.

      15. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties,
superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements and
understandings between the parties with respect to the exchange of Proprietary
Information in connection with the Pilot Study.

                                       31
<PAGE>

      16. If any part, term or provision of this Agreement shall be held
illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with international law or any law of a
federal, state or local government having jurisdiction over this Agreement, the
validity of the remaining portions of this Agreement shall not be affected
thereby.

      17. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has caused this Agreement to be executed in
duplicate originals by its duly authorized representative.

YALE UNIVERSITY                             ADVANCED BIOPHOTONICS INC.
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

By:                                         By:
       ----------------------------------          -----------------------------
Name:  Penrhyn E. Cook                      Name:  Denis A. O'Connor

Title: Executive Director                   Title: President and CEO
       Grant and Contract Administration

YALE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE

By:
       ----------------------------------
Name:  Dr. John Persing

Title: Principal Investigator

By:
       ----------------------------------
Name:  Dr. Yuan Liu

Title: Principal Investigator

                                       32
