<PAGE>
 
PERSONAL AND
------------
CONFIDENTIAL
------------


July 24, 1997

Borden Chemical, Inc.
180 East Broad Street, 24th Floor
Columbus, OH  43215-3799

Attn:  Joseph M. Saggese
       Chairman

Dear Mr. Saggese:

Melamine Chemicals, Inc. ("MCI") and Borden Chemical, Inc. (the "Company") are
prepared to engage in discussions with respect to a possible negotiated business
combination involving the Company and MCI (the "Transaction"), and during the
course of such discussions MCI may disclose and make available to the Company
certain information concerning MCI's business, prospects, financial condition,
operations, technology, assets and liabilities.  All such information furnished
to the Company or its Representatives (as defined below) by or on behalf of MCI
(irrespective of the form of communication and whether such information is
furnished prior to, on or after the date hereof), and all analyses,
compilations, data, studies, notes, interpretations, memoranda or other
documents prepared by the Company or its Representatives containing or based in
whole or in part on any such furnished information are collectively referred to
herein as the "Confidential Information."  As a condition to being furnished the
Confidential Information, the Company agrees as follows:

1.   NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  (a) the Company shall (i) use
     the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of evaluating a
     possible Transaction and for no other competitive or other purpose; (ii)
     not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, except for
     disclosures to its directors, officers, employees and representatives of
     its advisors (such as independent accountants, investment bankers and
     attorneys) acting on 
<PAGE>
 
     its behalf (such directors, officers, employees and representatives being
     referred to hereinafter collectively as its "Representatives") who in each
     case, in the Company's reasonable judgment, need to know such information
     for the purpose of evaluating a possible Transaction; provided, however,
     that prospective financing sources shall not be considered
     "Representatives" to whom Confidential Information may be disclosed in
     accordance with this paragraph 1 unless specifically requested by the
     Company and consented to by MCI in writing; (iii) inform its
     Representatives of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information
     and direct its Representatives to treat the Confidential Information
     confidentially; (iv) take all additional reasonable precautions necessary
     to prevent the disclosure of the Confidential Information by its
     Representatives to any third party; and (v) be responsible for any breach
     of this Agreement (the "Agreement") by its Representatives.

(b)  If the Company or its Representatives is requested (by interrogatories,
     requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand
     or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, it is agreed
     that the Company will provide MCI with prompt notice of such request so
     that MCI may seek an appropriate protective order and/or waive the
     Company's compliance with the provisions of this Agreement.  The Company
     and its Representatives may disclose without liability hereunder only that
     portion of the Confidential Information that the Company is advised by
     written opinion of counsel is legally required to be disclosed; provided
     that the Company gives MCI written notice of the information to be
     disclosed as far in advance of its disclosure as is practicable and,  upon
     MCI's request, uses reasonable efforts to obtain assurances that
     confidential treatment will be accorded to such information.

2.   NON-DISCLOSURE OF NEGOTIATIONS OR AGREEMENTS.  Except as required by law,
     neither the Company nor its Representatives shall disclose to any person
     the existence, status or terms of any discussions, negotiations or
     agreements concerning a possible Transaction, including without limitation
     any offer, letter of intent, proposal, price, value or valuation, or any
     similar terms, agreements or understandings between the Company and MCI
     with respect thereto, or that the Company has received from MCI
     Confidential Information, without obtaining the prior written consent of
     the other, which consent will not be withheld unreasonably.

3.   RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  All written Confidential Information
     delivered by or on behalf of MCI to the Company pursuant to this Agreement
     shall be and remain the property of MCI and upon the written request of
     MCI, the Company shall (i) promptly return such Confidential Information
     and shall not retain any copies or other reproductions or extracts thereof,
     (ii) destroy or have destroyed all memoranda, notes, reports, analyses,
     compilations, studies, interpretations, or other documents derived from or
     containing Confidential Information, and all copies and other reproductions
     and extracts thereof, and (iii) upon written request by MCI provide a
     certificate to MCI certifying that the foregoing 
<PAGE>
 
     materials have, in fact, been destroyed or returned, signed by an
     authorized officer supervising such destruction or return. Notwithstanding
     the return or destruction of the Confidential Information, the Company and
     its Representatives will continue to be bound by the confidentiality and
     other obligations hereunder, until the expiration of three years from the
     date of this Agreement, unless a lesser duration is specified herein.

4.   INFORMATION NOT DEEMED CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  The term "Confidential
     Information" does not include information that (i) is or becomes generally
     available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the
     Company or its Representatives in violation of this Agreement; or (ii) was
     or becomes available to the Company from a source other than MCI or its
     Representatives, provided that such source is not known by the Company to
     be bound by an obligation of confidentiality to MCI or its Representatives
     or (iii) was already known to the Company at the time of its disclosure by
     MCI.

5.   NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES.  Neither MCI nor any of its respective
     officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents makes any
     representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy and
     completeness of any Confidential Information provided by it, and no
     liability shall result to MCI from its use, except as set forth in a
     definitive agreement for a Transaction.  Only the representations and
     warranties that are made in a definitive agreement for a Transaction, when,
     as, and if it is executed, and subject to such limitations and restrictions
     as may be specified therein, shall have any legal effect.

6.   NO AGREEMENT.  MCI has the absolute right to determine what information,
     properties and personnel it wishes to make available to the Company.
     Unless a definitive agreement regarding a Transaction between the Company
     and MCI has been executed and delivered, neither MCI, the Company nor any
     of their stockholders or affiliates will be under any legal obligation of
     any kind whatsoever with respect to such a Transaction by virtue of this
     Agreement or any other written or oral expression with respect to such
     Transaction except, in the case of this Agreement, matters specifically
     agreed to herein.  Each party further acknowledges and agrees that each
     party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject any and all
     proposals made by the other party or any of its Representatives with regard
     to a Transaction, and to terminate discussions and negotiations with the
     other party at any time.

7.   CONTACT PERSONS; NO SOLICITATION.  All requests by the Company for
     Confidential Information, meetings with personnel or inspection of
     properties and all other 
<PAGE>
 
     communications regarding a possible Transaction shall be made only to the
     contacts designated by MCI (the "Contact Persons"). The Company agrees
     that, for a period of two years from the date of this Agreement, it will
     not initiate or maintain contact (except in the ordinary course of
     business) with any director, officer, employee, distributor or customer of
     MCI regarding MCI's business operations, prospects or finances, except as
     may be permitted by the Contact Persons for due diligence purposes. It is
     expressly understood that this Agreement is not intended to limit the right
     of the parties to compete with one another in the ordinary course. The
     Company further agrees that, for a period of two years from the date
     hereof, it will not directly or indirectly offer employment to (other than
     by means of a general advertisement) or hire any of MCI's employees with
     whom it has had contact during the process contemplated by this Agreement.

8.   NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION.  MCI has outstanding publicly-held securities and
     the Confidential Information contains material non-public information.  The
     Company acknowledges that it is (i) aware, and has advised or will advise
     its Representatives, that the United States securities laws prohibit any
     person in possession of material non-public information about a company
     from purchasing or selling securities of such company, and from
     communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in
     which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person may purchase or sell
     such securities and (ii) familiar with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
     as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder,
     and the Company agrees that it will neither use nor permit any of its
     Representatives to use any Confidential Information in violation of such
     Act or rules or regulations, including without limitation Rule 10b-5.

9.   STANDSTILL.  The Company agrees that, until the expiration of two years
     from the date of this Agreement, without the prior written invitation (on
     an unsolicited basis) of MCI's Board of Directors, it and its affiliates
     will not (i) in any manner acquire, agree to acquire or make any proposal
     or offer or otherwise seek to acquire, directly or indirectly, any
     securities (or rights in respect thereof), assets or property of MCI  or
     any of its subsidiaries or of any successor thereto or person in control
     thereof, whether such agreements or proposals or offers are made with or to
     MCI or any of its subsidiaries (or a successor thereto or person in control
     thereof) or a third party; (ii) enter into or agree, offer, seek or propose
     to enter into or otherwise be involved in or part of, directly or
     indirectly, any merger, acquisition transaction or other business
     combination relating to MCI or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
     respective assets; (iii) make, or in any way participate in, directly or
     indirectly, any "solicitation" of "proxies" (as such terms are used in the
     proxy rules under the Exchange Act) to vote, or seek to advise or influence
     any person with respect to the voting of, any voting securities of MCI or
     any of its subsidiaries or of any successor thereto or person in control
     thereof; (iv) form, join or in any way participate in a "group" (within the
     meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any voting
     securities of MCI or any of its subsidiaries or of any successor thereto or
     person in control thereof; (v) seek or propose, alone or in concert 
<PAGE>
 
     with others, to control or influence the management, Board of Directors or
     policies of MCI; (vi) directly or indirectly enter into any discussions,
     negotiations, arrangements or understandings with any other person (except
     internal discussions and planning activities involving its Representatives)
     with respect to any of the foregoing activities or propose any of such
     activities to any other person (other than its Representatives); (vii)
     directly or indirectly advise, encourage, assist, act as a financing source
     for or otherwise invest in any other person in connection with any of the
     foregoing; or (viii) publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement
     inconsistent with the foregoing. The Company also agrees that, during such
     two-year period, neither it nor any of its affiliates will: (i) request MCI
     or its advisors, directly or indirectly, to (1) amend or waive any
     provision of this paragraph (including this sentence) or (2) otherwise
     consent to any action inconsistent with any provision of this paragraph
     (including this sentence); or (ii) take any initiative with respect to MCI
     or any of it's subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to require
     MCI to make a public announcement regarding (1) such initiative, (2) any of
     the activities referred to in this paragraph, (3) the possibility of a
     Transaction or any similar transaction or (4) the possibility of the
     Company's or any other person's acquiring control of MCI, whether by means
     of a business combination or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing
     provisions of this paragraph 9, the Company's chief executive officer may
     contact MCI's chief executive officer for the purpose of expressing
     continuing or renewed interest in a Transaction, provided that, unless
     invited to do so by MCI's chief executive officer, no offer or proposal
     shall be made that would require public disclosure or formal consideration
     by MCI or its Board of Directors.

10.  PERSON.  The term "person" as used in this Agreement will be interpreted
     broadly to include the media and any corporation, company, group,
     partnership, governmental body or other entity or individual.

11.  NO WAIVER.  No failure or delay by MCI  in exercising any right, power or
     privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single
     or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof,
     or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder.

12.  REMEDIES.  It is understood and agreed that money damages would not be a
     sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by the Company and that
     MCI shall be entitled to equitable relief, including specific performance
     and injunction, as a remedy for any such 
<PAGE>
 
     breach or threatened breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the
     exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement by the Company but shall
     be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to MCI,
     including remedies pursuant to applicable laws relating to trade secrets.

13.  BENEFITS; GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement is for the benefit of MCI and its
     respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents and
     its respective successors and assigns and shall be governed by and
     construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws and not the
     choice of law rules of the State of Louisiana.

14.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
     each of which shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts
     together shall constitute but one and the same Agreement.

15.  SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of
     competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or
     unenforceability shall not be deemed to affect any other provision hereof
     or the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, and such invalid or
     unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted herefrom to the minimum
     extent necessary to cure such invalidity or unenforceability.

16.  MODIFICATIONS.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived, amended or
     modified except by the written agreement of the Company and MCI.

Please confirm your agreement with the foregoing by signing and returning one
copy of this letter to the undersigned, whereupon this letter shall become a
binding agreement between us.


                              MELAMINE CHEMICALS, INC.

                              By:  /s/ Goldman, Sachs & Co.
                                 ---------------------------------------
                                   Goldman, Sachs & Co.
                                   on behalf of Melamine Chemicals, Inc.



Accepted and agreed to as of the 31st
day of July, 1997.

BORDEN CHEMICAL, INC.

By:  /s/________________________