<PAGE>   1
                                                                 EXHIBIT (d)(12)

August 1, 1991                                                        CNDA#18694

                       CORPORATE NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Agreement is entered into and made effective as of the date set forth above
by and between Intel Corporation (hereinafter "Intel"), and the participant
identified below (hereinafter "Participant"). Unless the Participant indicates
that this Agreement shall apply only to a specific division or location, this
Agreement shall apply to the Participant's entire company.

THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TRANSMITTAL FORM. The confidential, proprietary
      and trade secret information of the disclosing party (hereinafter
      "Confidential Information") provided hereunder, is that information
      described in the Confidential Information Transmittal Record (CITR) form
      executed from time to time hereafter. CITR's are subject to the terms of
      this Agreement and shall be executed by the parties prior to the
      disclosure of Confidential Information. All information described in a
      CITR and marked with a "confidential," "proprietary," or similar legend
      shall be deemed Confidential Information. All Confidential Information
      received from the disclosing party shall be in tangible form. The CITR
      shall set forth the disclosing party, a description of the Confidential
      Information disclosed, the names of the representatives of the parties and
      the date when the disclosure covered by the CITR commenced.

      OBLIGATIONS OF RECEIVING PARTY. The receiving party shall not disclose
      Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written
      approval of the disclosing party. The receiving party shall maintain the
      Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that the
      receiving party uses to protect its own similar categories of confidential
      and proprietary information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care
      under the circumstances. The receiving party shall not make any copies of
      Confidential Information received from the disclosing party except as
      necessary for its employees with a need to know. Any copies which are made
      shall be identified as belonging to the disclosing party and marked
      "confidential," "proprietary," or with a similar legend.

      PERIOD OF CONFIDENTIALITY. Unless a shorter period is stated in the
      applicable CITR, the disclosing party will not assert any claims against
      the receiving party for disclosures of Confidential Information made more
      than five (5) years from the date of the CITR.

      TERMINATION OF OBLIGATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY. The receiving party shall
      not be liable for the disclosure of any Confidential Information which is:

      (a)   in the public domain other than by a breach of this Agreement on the
            part of the receiving party; or

      (b)   rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of
            confidentiality; or

      (c)   rightfully known to the receiving party without any limitation on
            use or disclosure prior to its receipt from the disclosing party; or

      (d)   independently developed by employees of the receiving party; or

      (e)   generally made available to third parties by the disclosing party
            without restriction on disclosure.

      TITLE. Title or the right to possess Confidential Information as between
      the parties shall remain in the disclosing party.

      NO OBLIGATION OF DISCLOSURE. Neither party has any obligation to disclose
      Confidential Information to the other. Either party may, at any time,
      cease giving Confidential Information to the other party without any
      liability or request in writing the return of Confidential Information
      previously disclosed.

      TERMINATION AND DUTY TO RETURN. Either party may terminate this Agreement
      at any time without cause upon notice to the other party. However, all
      obligations of confidentiality shall survive the termination of this
      Agreement. In the event this Agreement is terminated, and the disclosing
      party so requests, the receiving party shall promptly return or destroy
      (and certify destruction of) all Confidential Information which it
      received from the disclosing party along with all copies which it made.

      GENERAL.

      (a)   This Agreement is neither intended to nor shall it be construed as
            creating a joint venture, partnership or other form of business
            association between the parties, nor an obligation to buy or sell
            products using or incorporating the Confidential Information, nor as
            creating an implied or express license grant from either party to
            the other.

      (b)   The failure of either party to enforce any right resulting from
            breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall
            not be deemed a waiver of any right relating to a subsequent breach
            of such provision or of any other right hereunder.

      (c)   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
            California.

      (d)   This Agreement, any accompanying CITR and CITRs executed from time
            to time hereafter which incorporate the terms of this Agreement
            constitute the entire agreement, written or verbal, between the
            parties with respect to the disclosure(s) of Confidential
            Information described in each CITR. This Agreement may not be
            amended except in writing signed by a duly authorized representative
            of the respective parties. Any other agreements between the parties,
            including non-disclosure agreements, shall not be affected by this
            Agreement.

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>
AGREED:                                PARTICIPANT: XIRCOM
                                                    -------------------------------------------
INTEL CORPORATION                                   (Company Name, Division/Sub, if applicable)
3065 Bowers Avenue
Santa Clara, CA 95052                  26025 Mureau Road
                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (Address)

                                       Calabasas                    CA                    91302
                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                       (City)                     (State)                 (Zip)

/s/ CARL EVERETT                       /s/ JEROME P. CHERWINSKI
--------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Signature                              Signature

CARL EVERETT                           JEROME P. CHERWINSKI
--------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Printed Name                           Printed Name

VICE PRESIDENT-DIRECTOR OF SALES       V.P. ENG.                             230-0000-30 (7/90)
--------------------------------       --------------------------------------------------------
Title                                  Title
</TABLE>

SEND TO: CORPORATE CONTRACT
MANAGEMENT, FM 1-03